[Outlook] (spam reporting) Document spam reporting manifest elements (#1634)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference: docs/manifest/moreinfo.md

To learn more about how to implement the spam reporting feature in your add-in, see [Implement an integrated spam reporting add-in (preview)](/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/spam-reporting).

**Add-in type**: Mail

**Valid only in these VersionOverrides schemas**:

- Mail 1.1

For more information, see [Version overrides in the manifest](/office/dev/add-ins/develop/add-in-manifests#version-overrides-in-the-manifest).

**Associated with these requirement sets**:

- [Mailbox preview](../requirement-sets/outlook/preview-requirement-set/outlook-requirement-set-preview.md)

## Contained in

- [PreProcessingDialog (preview)](preprocessingdialog.md)

## Attributes

None.

## Child elements

| Element | Required | Description |
| ------- | ------- | -------|
| **MoreInfoText** | Yes | Specifies additional information in the pre-processing dialog of a spam reporting add-in to help users report unsolicited messages. Its **resid** attribute must be set to the value of the **id** attribute of a [String](string.md) in the [ShortStrings](shortstrings.md) element under the [Resources](resources.md) element. |

> | **MoreInfoUrl** | Yes | Specifies the URL of a site containing informational resources in the pre-processing dialog of a spam reporting add-in. Its **resid** attribute must be set to the value of the **id** attribute of a [Url](url.md) in the [Urls](urls.md) element under the [Resources](resources.md) element. |

Reviewer: Online dictionaries seem to imply that "preprocessing" does not have a hyphen. 
```suggestion
| **MoreInfoUrl** | Yes | Specifies the URL of a site containing informational resources in the preprocessing dialog of a spam reporting add-in. Its **resid** attribute must be set to the value of the **id** attribute of a [Url](url.md) in the [Urls](urls.md) element under the [Resources](resources.md) element. |
```
